Say, what did you promise me to do?
It's you I promise. Do you know who he is?
This one, you can tell me!
You are our distinguished guest!
Why do you want to exclusive customers? He is just a bar,
Look at the gate! Out!
If you dare to answer me, tell my uncle!
Master, for your father's sake,
You are really the one who laughs, but you are really sensible.
But you still accept me, and I am so old that I don’t look good,
Lucky for him, you are so nice but Tokyo is paying a fee,
Answer me!
Master, I don’t dare to do it and I still need you. Don’t be so hasty.
Don't be in a hurry
How do you listen better?
I knew you were these people to me
I told you that I will always be safe with you.
Wait a few days
I will definitely give you a good show
you are in a bad mood
Remove three hearts first
other things
How can we talk about it later?
I'm in a bad mood now
Don't you exclude me?
something important
I'll contact you later
Why just now
Don't let me export your identity
I just want to know
this joint
What does it have to do with me?
He is your teammate
Because some people estimate that the old man's side
But the rhythm is also natural and environmental
If this continues
Accelerate internal competition
Sooner or later the player will be expelled